# TO MAKE LIGHT OF and TO FEEL LIGHT-HEADED

In this English lesson, I wanted to help you learn the English phrase **to make light of**. When you make light of a situation, it means you are less serious than you should be in that situation. You might say things that you even think are funny when something serious has just happened, you make light of the situation. Again, it's not always a good thing to make light of a situation. Here's an example of a bad situation. My dad, when I was young, my dad backed into my uncle's car in the driveway and put a big dent in it. So we all got in the car, my dad put the car in reverse and he didn't know my uncle's car was behind us. So he backed into it and he put a big dent in it. And I tried to make light of the situation. I said, at that point in time, I said, "You know what they say, accidents always happen close to home." Let's just say that my dad didn't think that was funny. It wasn't a good time to make light of the situation. He thought it was pretty serious. For some reason, I thought it was funny.

The second phrase I wanted to teach you today is the phrase **to feel light-headed**. This is something that happens sometimes when you stand up really quickly, you feel a little bit dizzy. I had this once when I didn't eat for most of the day because I was really busy, and then when I stood up really quickly, because I hadn't eaten, and because I stood up quickly, I felt a little bit dizzy, I felt a little bit light-headed. So it's not a nice feeling to feel light-headed. You can also feel light-headed just before you pass out or before you faint. I've only fainted once in my life, I fainted when I was a teenager once, I still don't know why. I got out of the shower and I fainted, and I woke up or I came back to, that's what we say after you faint, you come to, and I was laying on the bathroom floor. It was a weird experience. I still don't know why that happened.

Anyways, to review, when you make light of something, it means you tell jokes or you are less serious than you should be in a serious situation. And when you feel light-headed, it means that you feel a little bit dizzy and it can happen just before you faint or pass out.

But hey, let's look at a comment from a previous video. This comment is from Padma. "Waste not, want not. What a wonderful saying. I think very much needed in today's use-and-throw era." And my response was, "It seems like we live in a world where everything is disposable, it's kind of sad."

Yeah, you know, I do sometimes worry that we live in a world where we buy things and we use them for a few months or a year, and then we throw them away. In particular, right now I'm a little bit sad because there are so many masks in the ditch when I go for a walk. So the ditch is the area along the road. When I go for a walk, you know, before the pandemic, there were no masks in the ditch, but now there are a lot of masks in the ditch when I go for a walk. It's really, really sad. Yeah, I wish we didn't live in a world where things were so disposable. I think sometimes even I'm at fault. You know, sometimes I buy a new phone and then very quickly, within two years, I feel like I need a new phone. I don't always buy one though. Usually I hold onto my phones for quite a while, but when I get a new phone, it's not because the old phone is broken, which is kind of sad.

Anyways, I wanted to show you this tree. Let me spin you around. As I showed you in the last video, we have a lot of trees where the leaves are falling off, but we also have trees that are called evergreen trees. This tree we planted many, many years ago, and sometimes in the winter, we will put Christmas lights on this tree because it's a good tree to light up, but it's gotten a little bit tall for that. If I do that this year, I'll be sure to put it in a video, but I think I'm going to have to get a ladder if I want to do that. See you in a couple of days with another short English lesson, bye.
