Read along to practice your English and to learn the English phrases TO GET DUMPED and DOWN IN THE DUMPS

In this English lesson, I wanted to help you learn the English phrase to get dumped, or to dump someone. When you get dumped, it means you were in a relationship, and the person you were in a relationship with told you they didn't want to be with you anymore. So we would say that you got dumped. So when you get dumped, it means you probably get a phone call, or a text, or you're out with your significant other. That's the phrase we use to refer to a boyfriend or girlfriend. And they say to you, I don't want to go out with you anymore. When you get dumped, when you're in a relationship, and someone ends it, it's not a very nice feeling. You usually feel very, very sad, so I'm sure this has happened to everyone at some point in their life. It's not always nice to get dumped, but sometimes you might be the one who dumped someone else, and maybe that's good for you. I dunno.

WANT FREE ENGLISH LESSONS? GO TO YOUTUBE AND SEARCH, "BOB THE CANADIAN"

The other phrase I wanted to teach you today is the phrase down in the dumps. Now, I did teach this phrase a couple of years ago, but I thought, since I always like to use similar words in my phrases, I will teach it again. After you get dumped, you might feel down in the dumps. When you are down in the dumps, it simply means that you are sad. So you might be sad after your team loses a game. You might be down in the dumps if your team makes it to the championship. I think that's the example I gave in my last lesson two years ago. Your team goes to the championship, and they lose, you might be down in the dumps for a few days. You might be very, very sad for a few days after that happens.

So to review, when you get dumped, it means that you were in a relationship, and someone ended it. They said they didn't want to be with you anymore, and then because of that, you might be sad. You might be feeling down in the dumps. When you're down in the dumps, you just aren't having a good day. You're not happy. It's not a good thing. I'm not down in the dumps very often, but it does happen sometimes.

But hey, let's look at a comment from a previous video. This comment is from Andres. Mr. Bob, would you bank on the fact that there's no crocodile in the river? Julia Olis says, could this little fence be probably some sort of trap for crocodile. And my response, you can bank on it. It's far too cold here in Canada for them. In fact, there are no animals in the river that are dangerous to humans.

What is dangerous on my farm for humans though, is the weather, it's getting rather cold out here. I'm actually hiding right now beside this wagon, because if you look behind me here, it's gonna get really bright. You can see the wind is blowing the trees quite a bit. If we look this way, maybe you can see it a little bit more. Let's go for a bit of a walk, and you can see some of the fall colors.

So it's definitely fall here. It's definitely getting a little bit chillier. It's beautiful to see the leaves on my property on the trees are all starting to turn color. Let me flip this around again. And it's just a nice time, but I have to start thinking about what I'm going to wear each time I go outside, I'm gonna run over here by the wagon again, where I'm out of the wind. I'm wearing my jacket today, I didn't wear gloves. I'm just wearing one thin shirt underneath my jacket.

And yeah, I'm starting to shiver actually, and I still have to talk for 30 seconds. Can I talk for 30 seconds without freezing my butt off? That's a little bit of informal slang for you. When it gets really cold, we sometimes say, oh, it's so cold outside. I froze my butt off. Your butt doesn't actually fall off. It's just kind of a silly phrase we use to talk about really, really cold weather.

Anyways, I'm gonna end this one early. Thanks for watching. I hope that you learned a little bit of English, and I'll see you in a couple days with another short English lesson, bye.
